# Discord Channel: Mavenport - Hustlers - 📘︱knowledge [992699211801972816]

eddie: Here's a PDF that will explain a little more about how to source your product when you first test it, and how to approach an agent to work with once you get some consistent orders. I included a copy-paste template you can send agents when you approach them, and some guidelines.

eddie: For all hustlers, here are all the key elements a highly converting video ad comes with. Yes, the unprofessional, UGC type of creative that I keep praising is missing a few of those (and making up for them in social proof, because it looks like a random person is reviewing a product, and it's not an ad), but learning this structure will wire your brain to understand what customers need to see in a video before they buy something. If you master this & follow the testing structure I gave you above (which I'll update when I find more efficient ways to test), then you'll know your ads are not going to fail you. That means that when a product isn't selling, you'll comfortably be able to eliminate 2 variables out of the equation: because your creatives are good & your testing structure is good. Only your product & store could be wrong. If you watch my #🎥︱youtube 38 min. free course, then you'll be able to make a good store too (but more on that later). Hope you enjoy this! (edited)

eddie: Quick important piece of information for all the hustlers @here . Most of you will be / are running Facebook ads, so you need to have a clean view of your funnel & metrics , top to bottom. Here's how I, personally, set up my columns in the Facebook ads manager (from left to right): Delivery > Impressions > CPM (cost per 1,000 impressions) > 3-second video plays > Video average play time > Video plays at 95% > Unique CTR (all) > Unique outbound CTR (click-through rate) > Content views > Adds to cart > Checkouts initiated > Purchases > Cost per unique outbound click > Cost per content view > Cost per add to cart > Cost per checkout initiated > Cost per purchase > Budget > Amount spent > Purchases conversion value > Purchase ROAS (return on ad spend) > Frequency > Quality ranking > Engagement rate ranking > Conversion rate ranking Hope this helps. (edited)

eddie: Here we go, hustlers! I think this PDF will help @everyone here, beginners, advanced people, and experts. The guidelines in this resource are what I personally use, religiously, to sell 5 figures a day. And they're what I used in order to scale to $30K days consistently. It took me a very look time and a lot of money to finally polish a strategy to follow to know when to turn ad sets off efficiently . And now, simply because you're members of the Mavenport hustler private group, you'll get to know it, too. This is one of the two parts of a long PDF, the second part will teach you when to turn scaling CBOs off, and it will come at a later time. Read it carefully and ask questions if anything is unclear. Never share it with ANYONE . Here we go. (edited)

eddie: How to handle bad comments on ads.

eddie: I made a PDF showing you how to get USA posts on your feed on TikTok & get your posts shown to people in the USA - even if you're not in America. This requires a phone with dual sim compatibility, an eSim app, & a VPN. The instructions are in the PDF. This is just a quick drop (and we have another TikTok organic one on the way about getting a link in bio with 0 followers for free). We got juicier stuff coming. (edited)

eddie: These are the e-mail templates I've been using for years for abandoned checkouts , and they've always worked for me. I've been tweaking & improving them periodically, and you're getting the most updated version. Today I'm sharing them with all the diamond holders of Mavenport . As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone ! (edited)

eddie: Beef up your reviews effortlessly! I made a short video to show you how to appear to your customers as if you have countless positive reviews, and increase the social proof & trust of your website. I'll also show you how to write your own, very convincing reviews. This works at literally any scale. $100/day, $1000/day, $10,000/day, any amount. Believe me, @everyone . Here is the video (only for hustlers): https://youtu.be/dUfx8o4HOm4 Get AliReviews from here: https://app.alireviews.io/affiliate?partner_id=rGcND3daS063350 Quick note: If you got no inspiration, you can copy paste the reviews you're supposed to make straight from Amazon also. Doesn't really matter. I write them myself 'cause I can make them very convincing, as you can see in the video. (edited)

eddie: Here's a super important PDF explaining when we should turn off scaling CBOs (part 2 from when to turn ad sets off PDF). These rules are in the first pages of the advertising bible. There's not been 1 day in the past 1-2 years that I haven't followed what is in those 2-part PDFs. I have a scaling PDF that I plan to release soon as well, however, I had to first teach everyone when to turn CBOs off because you won't be able to scale correctly without knowing this. At this point, all these principles are muscle memory for me, so if anything's unclear, let me know in the chat or in our Q&As & I'll be happy to explain everything. This is just another piece of the puzzle to help you get to 5 figure days; as always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone ! We won't be having short PDFs for a while after this one. (edited)

cam 8 pizza: Hey, @everyone . I made a quick About us page template that you can plug into any new store you create to make it look more trustworthy.

eddie: Hustlers & hustlerettes. I've prepared an abandoned checkout SMS flow that you can all implement in your store. This is made me so much money over the years, at some point I turned $8 into $10K+ with it. My OG Instagram followers know. However, Shitify recently nerfed SMS marketing. They added a bullshit consent box option at checkout that customers have to tick if they want to get any messages from us. So that inevitably reduced the effectiveness of SMS marketing radically. I'll share this PDF with you anyway because it's still valuable information. And - who knows - in the future, there might be some workarounds or changes that re-enable us to farm money with SMS. Anyway, here it is, @everyone . As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding.

eddie: If you missed out the hustler training #5 live session, I feel terrible for you. I dropped gems fatter than people who eat lunch at McDonald's everyday. However, I'm uploading one of the ads I edited during training, and also the raw video I made it from. 1st video: the ad I edited 2nd video: the raw video I used Enjoy, @everyone . (edited)

eddie: How to handle returns (gray hat) In this PDF I'll teach you how to hustle to save as much money from returns as possible with a clever & creative strategy. I've genuinely saved tens of thousands of dollars with this, and all of you can, too. I hope you guys enjoy this information & find it useful. As always, beautifully branded in Mavenport fashion. Let's eat, @everyone . (edited)

eddie: The wait is over, hustlers! It's scaling time . Read below before you open the PDF This PDF that you've been craving to read is titled scaling to $30K-$50K per day , but it's not true. I'm extremely confident that you can scale to literally any number with this strategy. The only resistance I've ever faced while scaling to crazy numbers were bans, nothing else. This is literally how I take a product to $10K days in less than a week sometimes. I genuinely believe that this PDF alone is worth tens of thousands of dollars . No. Even more. So for me to release it in a silly $130 membership is painful - but I'm keeping my word. I always have, always will. What I ask in return is that , if you truly enjoyed it and found it helpful, you help me out by leaving a sincere testimonial here: #⭐︱testimonials . That's it. 1-2 minutes of your time in exchange for work that's cost me years of my life. An unreasonable exchange, but one that I'm satisfied with. So go ahead and support this program I've built with a heartfelt review in #⭐︱testimonials , if you appreciate the work. Now here you go, another high-value PDF, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone . (edited)

eddie: No need to worry about slow shipping anymore. I've fully optimized shipping times (and how they're advertised) & e-mail responses that we send to customers that are concerned about their shipment taking a while to deliver. Of course, we embellished it creatively to sweeten up the whole situation. This is an easy 5-second copy-paste fix that all of you can apply. And more than that, if you're smart, this PDF will also teach you how to be just as creative as I am when you handle other unpleasant interactions with customers in general. Hope you guys enjoy this information & find it useful, @everyone . As always, beautifully branded in Mavenport fashion. (edited)

eddie: Understanding Facebook assets (for newbies) A lot of new people are confused about where each Facebook asset (profiles, pages, business managers, ad accounts) falls into place & what they do so I made a short PDF where I illustrated what a simple Facebook setup looks like. (this PDF was mainly made for starters) As always, beautifully branded in Mavenport fashion.

eddie: Here's how to find winning products! (slightly updated from the last PDF) In this one I'm talking about the mentality you need to have while picking & testing products, and - of course - I listed multiple efficient methods that I use to find massive winners. Again, you don't need to overcomplicate things. These are simple, proven methods that have been working for me for more than a year now. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy!

eddie: Take better decisions using ad naming conventions & UTMs! Tracking metrics has been a pain in the ass since the iOS update, but that hasn't stopped smart advertisers from adapting & learning. I've, personally, never used a paid tracking tool, and I only rely on naming conventions, UTMs, and experience to scale to $30K per day. In this PDF I'll teach you exactly how to do that, and I'll give you an example on how I'd scale a product whose metrics look as if it's only breaking even. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport fashion. Enjoy, @everyone . (edited)

eddie: How to avoid & handle bans & restrictions on Facebook (updated) Staying alive on Facebook is a difficult task considering everyone's getting banned left & right. I've put together a PDF to help you reduce your chance to get banned & to teach you how to handle bans and restrictions when they do happen. I can guarantee that this information is worth 4-5 figures. I missed out on hundreds of thousands, probably millions of dollars because I didn't know about all this before. Here's a summary of what you'll learn: All you need to know about Facebook restrictions How to warm up any asset (updated the pages section) Consequences & solutions for all types of bans A setup for when your profiles get banned Tested methods to circumvent page bans As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone ! Do NOT share this information with anyone or you'll get banned instantly. A lot of this is advanced, so take your time & soak everything in. (edited)

eddie: Here's how you can get a link in bio on TikTok (without needing 1K followers) This trick has worked for me multiple times so it should work for you, too (if you follow the PDF correctly). However, I can't account for TikTok updates & changes, nor do I focus on TikTok but I've posted this PDF for whoever needs it anyway. This is a PDF a made a while ago + a quick update. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, hustlers. (edited)

eddie: Here's how you test products with Facebook ads! (small updates in the PDF + new video) A massive part of my high success rate with product tests is the fact that I always polish my strategies to be as effective as possible. In this PDF I'll show you what has worked most efficiently for me. A strategy that got me almost $1K in revenue in the first day of testing a product . This is still the strategy I use to test products. A lot of people miss out on "winning products" due to simply testing them inefficiently. A few months ago, every product I was testing was 100% a winner. No fails. Now Facebook changed, so we have to adapt. My success rate is at about 50% currently (combining the product research PDF, and the product new testing strategy that I use). A lot of you had trouble with UK traffic taking over all the spend, and I tested multiple ways to fix that while still keeping the test fair to UK. I've now found something that's worked for me repeatedly. I've also added a video where I'll show you how to set up all ads with UTMs & post IDs . Here it is: https://youtu.be/6x_aOqrbOag And I'll share it with you in a beautiful, branded Mavenport PDF, as always. Enjoy, @everyone . Sharing any hustler content with anyone will result in a permanent ban from the community. (edited)

eddie: The ugly side of eCommerce: Disputes & chargebacks It's inevitable. As soon as you start getting sales, you'll be hit with disputes, and that's the easiest way to lose big money . Especially now that Stripe charges you a $15 fee per complaint, whether you win or lose. In this PDF you'll learn... how to prevent disputes how obtain & manipulate evidence how to answer Stripe disputes how to answer PayPal disputes copy-paste answers to simplify the process This is currently the longest PDF I've written for hustlers, and it's one of the most important & useful ones. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone !

eddie: The 4 best types of video ad creatives for Facebook I realized so many people have no structure when they create their ads, no thought behind them. No plan. Just unorganized shit testing that leads to poor results. It has to stop . Different customers respond to different ad structures. Some are better convinced by short ads, some long. Some prefer friendly videos, some professional, some even scammy. So in this PDF you'll learn... ⌛ how long your ads should be what aspect ratio they should be how many models they should have how to approach the customer a brief structure for each type recommended niches for each type It's a short & informative PDF that will make things so much easier for you. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone !

eddie: ️ Testing new creatives is for profitability, scaling, & longevity It's the only way to stay consistent long-term, and to have an edge against your competitors. And truthfully, this is part of how I was able to scale up to $60K/day . In this PDF you'll learn... where to source content how often to test new creatives how to leverage ad hooks & bodies my new creative testing strategy when to kill new creatives how to scale new creatives (fatty bonus) how to implement new creatives This is one of the most valuable PDF I've written for hustlers, and while it might be a little advanced, I assure you that adding this to your knowledge bank & implementing it, will make you millions. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone !

eddie: The most consistent & profitable ads I run right now are retargeting people in the funnel If you've spent $2000-3000 on Facebook ads for your store, then it's time to start retargeting. In this PDF, you'll learn... how to scale retargeting budgets & find the sweet spot retargeting & prospecting audience exclusions my updated & simplified retargeting structure (+ illustration) what retargeting ads should look like This is an updated version of the retargeting PDF I wrote in the past. The current structure I use gives me way better results, so make sure to implement it in your ad accounts. As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone ! (edited)

eddie: Learn how to source the high-converting content for ads This is the exact content sourcing recipe I've been using to turn videos into ads that reach $1.2M/month for my eCom stores. The whole strategy is perfectly optimized & polished. In this PDF you'll learn... where to buy content how to find content creators through outreach & job posts how to split test job titles to increase your chances to find the right creators how to describe what content you're looking for how to structure a content list for short/medium-form ads + example how to structure a script for long-form ads (script not included) to teach your creator how to act in videos (you can literally screenshot & show this to them) to teach your creator how to position themselves in videos + illustrations (you can literally screenshot & show this to them) I spent my hard-earned money to learn all this stuff the hard way. If you follow this perfectly, you'll inevitably end up getting content that's just as good as what I get , and then it's up to you to turn it into high-converting ads (which you should also know how to do by now). As always, beautifully styled in Mavenport branding. Enjoy, @everyone ! (edited)