# Discord Channel: Mavenport - Hustlers - 💡︱quick-tips [1008247264487157840]

eddie: Hey, boys & girls! In this channel I'll share quick, short tips that you can implement immediately! Although small, combined - they'll make a great impact in your eCom game! Spam reactions like rabid animals on the ones you find most helpful. (edited)

Unbekannt: Exclude drop shipping & AliExpress from your ad sets' targeting. (edited)

Unbekannt: Aim to target audiences with above 1M people.

Unbekannt: Always leave the age demographic untouched (18 - 65+).

eddie: Changing anything about your ad sets (or ads) besides the name, budget, or bid will put them back in review. (edited)

eddie: This is how you embed auto-play videos into your product description (copy-paste code + replace VIDEO_LINK). First, you upload the video to your store, in settings -> files . Then you take the video link from there and replace it inside the code below (which you will copy & paste inside your product description, the code side): <video autoplay loop muted playsinline style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;"> <source src="VIDEO_LINK" type="video/mp4"></video> (edited)

Unbekannt: Embed videos with controls into your product description (copy-paste code + replace VIDEO_LINK). First, you upload the video to your store, in settings -> files . Then you take the video link from there and replace it inside the code below (which you will copy & paste inside your product description, the code side): <video controls="controls" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;" data-mce-style="max-width: 100%; height: auto;" preload="metadata"> <source src="VIDEO_LINK#t=0.5" type="video/mp4"></video> (edited)

eddie: Use https://nameql.com to create unique names for your stores. (edited)

Unbekannt: Use https://onlinepngtools.com/create-transparent-png to remove the background of any photo (with a color picker).

Unbekannt: Use https://coolors.co to choose aesthetic branded color schemes for your stores.

eddie: Advertise one product per ad account. Leave 15-20 days of inactivity on an ad account before running a new product on it (so that it unoptimizes).

eddie: Always create as many ad accounts as possible in your business manager before running ads. If you unlock more, create more. (edited)

eddie: Your Facebook pixel doesn't do any optimization, it just collects cookies. Optimization happens at the ad account level, in this order: Ad post ID -> Ad set -> Campaign (edited)

eddie: Convenient copy-paste UTM code to put in your ads: utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium={{adset.name}}&utm_campaign={{campaign.name}}&utm_content={{ad.name}}

eddie: Use this extension to download videos from websites that don't show a "download video" option: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-downloader-professi/elicpjhcidhpjomhibiffojpinpmmpil?hl=en

eddie: Quick copywriting lesson for Mavenport hustlers . As I said in one of our recent Q&As, it's about putting your first thought (backed by research) about the key benefits of your product down in a sentence, and then reiterating it into better versions . ⦿ Make it short & simple ⦿ Don't let it take too much space on your page (people need to breeze through it easily) ⦿ Don't use complex words that people don't understand, use simple wording (in the example below, I used the word "annoying" - that's relatable and builds rapport) ⦿ Make it flow nicely ⦿ Correct grammar mistakes in Grammarly This posture corrector helps solve your back problems and makes you stand straight. ⏬ Stand straight with this posture corrector and heal your back pains. ⏬ Heal your back pains fast & realign your posture with our posture corrector (I wrote 'correct' two times, not good). ⏬ Naturally align your spine & eliminate backaches with the BrandName posture corrector. ⏬ Naturally align your spine in seconds & relieve annoying back pains with the BrandName posture corrector. ⏬ Naturally align your spine within seconds & relieve annoying back pains with the BrandName one-size-fits-all posture corrector. ⏬ Align your spine naturally within seconds & relieve annoying back pains with the BrandName one-size-fits-all posture corrector. Suitable for all body types. ⏬ Align your spine naturally within seconds & relieve annoying back pains with the BrandName one-size-fits-all posture corrector. Suitable for all genders & body types. ✅ We now have the final version which we'll use (the last sentence) . (edited)

eddie: Ignore all recommendations about ad performance from Facebook. ⦿ It says you'll get 0 or 230 sales on your ad set? Ignore. ⦿ It says you need to optimize for random events or you won't get sales? Ignore. ⦿ It says you need to use enhancements on your ads? Ignore. ⦿ Anything it says - ignore it. I'm already teaching you what works in reality. (edited)

eddie: Your Facebook pixel doesn't optimize ads, all it does it collect cookies/data from your customers. Ads are optimized at the ad account level.

eddie: Always delete ads you're no longer running. Why? Because Facebook will randomly reject them. You can leave your campaigns & ad sets if you want to keep your metrics but delete the ads. Multiple rejections lead to banned assets. (edited)

eddie: Always remove the Facebook channel from your products (in the Shopify product back-end section). Facebook will otherwise sometimes reject your products in their stupid catalog and too many rejections lead to banned assets. If you're not on Shopify, just delete your catalog straight from your Facebook commerce account. (edited)

eddie: Start each store on a storename@outlook.com e-mail address and only buy a professional address (support@storename.com) once you start getting consistent customers.

eddie: Always turn these things on in the pixel settings to collect more data & have better tracking.

eddie: Don't run ads to the same URL from multiple pages because if one of them gets banned randomly, all of them will. Getting multiple assets restricted lead to more banned assets (ad accounts, business managers, profiles). (edited)

eddie: Here are a few important copywriting principles: ⦿ Express my message in as few words as possible. ⦿ No fancy, hard to understand words - every toddler should comprehend your message. ⦿ Titles are the most important (work on mastering those). ⦿ No useless words. Don't talk about shit that doesn't mean anything (example: "This is the best phone charger.", that means nothing. You need to explain WHY it's the best phone charger). ⦿ Study the target market & speak their language.

eddie: If you have a USA PayPal account and you see this notification (which asks you for an SSN or ITIN), ignore it . It has no impact at all on your account, so don't freak out. (edited)

eddie: For everyone asking every day, I use the same PayPal account for all stores, but a different Stripe account for each.

eddie: Always add multiple payment methods to your ad accounts so that you have back-ups. Facebook sometimes randomly deletes some of them, and if they can't charge you, they'll disable your ad account.

eddie: Always uninstall the Geolocation app that Shopify puts on your store automatically when you turn on international markets. It's completely useless, and when people close the pop-up, it reloads the entire website which takes too long.

eddie: Always exclude last 180 days' buyers from your new ad sets (to avoid targeting them again & wasting ad spend). How? Create an audience made of the buyers on your website from the last 180 days, and add it to your new ad sets as an excluded audience. It will dynamically update & include all new buyers too. (edited)

eddie: Easy formula to calculate your break even ROAS : your selling price/(your selling price - your cost of goods) (edited)

Unbekannt: Easy formula to calculate your average break even ROAS : your average order value/(your average order value - your average cost of goods)

eddie: For all the leaflets, pick the Manual sales campaign option when you create a campaign.

eddie: When you connect your pixel through the Facebook channel on Shopify, pick the second option ( Advertise your products on Facebook ), not the first. Don't forget to unsync your products from the Facebook channel though.

eddie: Set your aggregated events for your pixel like in this image.

eddie: Now that the best place to buy proxies ( https://proxy-seller.com/?partner=5JZIL63HNX1VF7) ran out of USA | Social - Facebook proxies, buy USA | Social - Instagram ones. I tested them and they work exactly the same.

eddie: When you make a new Stripe account, if they put a rolling reserve on it, it generally lasts 3 months or so. Just make at least another Stripe account and process money on it for a few months. Meanwhile, the first account's reserve will expire. Repeat this with multiple accounts to get multiple Stripe accounts with no holds.  (edited)

eddie: Ad post IDs carry (most) optimization even when used on new ad accounts. Always turn your ads into post IDs. How? After you publish your first set of ads, wait 2 minutes. Then, refresh the page, select all the ads and click edit. At the ad level, on the Ad setup tab, click on the dropdown menu and select Use existing post (see image below). After that, add your UTMs (copied another quick note) in the URL parameters section. Click Publish. Done. From now on, every time you duplicate those ads, they'll always use the same post ID.

eddie: When you sell to multiple countries (such as top 4 or worldwide), make your store in English . If you sell to one singular country, use that country's language on your store. Ads can stay in English no matter what.

eddie: To get better UTM tracking , if you are a Shopify store owner on a plan higher than the basic $29/m, you can also check your metrics under the Total orders tab in Shopify analytics. At the moment, it seems like it's tracking sales more accurately.

eddie: Always exclude AliExpress & Dropshipping from your targeting to avoid showing up on other dropshippers' feeds.

eddie: To get better tracking with TikTok ads, go to your pixel settings and switch those 2 things on.

eddie: For all the leaflets , do not use a VPN while running ads on Facebook.

eddie: These are the most effective video aspect ratio for Facebook ads at the moment, in order of importance: • 9:16 (make sure you keep the important info, such as text & the product, inside a 4:5 ratio) • 4:5 & 1:1 (equally important)

eddie: For those of you with terrible English in your product descriptions, use https://app.grammarly.com for a quick check before you publish.

eddie: Schedule 2-5 new ad sets at midnight to test inside your ABO, every single day. This will help keep the momentum going.

eddie: When you see one of your ads randomly start getting rejected in some of your ad sets after running for a while, first, appeal it in the account quality section. If Facebook leaves it unchanged (doesn't re-enable it), it's safer to just delete it from all ad sets (even if it's not rejected in all of them) because multiple rejections lead to other assets getting banned.

Unbekannt: Your customers will get less card declines when you process with an American Stripe account instead of a European one.

eddie: When you provide tracking numbers to your payment processors (Stripe, PayPal, etc.), always use local / last mile tracking numbers (such as USPS, Royal Mail, etc.). The same goes for disputes & chargebacks. Never give them Chinese tracking numbers (like YunExpress, 4PX, etc.). You don't want your processors to think / know that you're dropshipping from China. To get your last mile tracking numbers, go to https://www.yuntrack.com , add your Chinese tracking number. You'll get information on where the package is, but also a local tracking number for your shipment (like USPS, Royal mail, etc.) This works really well for packages sent with YunExpress, which is currently one of the most convenient ways to ship out of China. It might not work with other random shipping services - in which case you can just ask your agent for the last mile tracking number.  (edited)

eddie: Find content for your ads on: TikTok, Facebook ad library, YouTube, AliExpress & AliBaba, Amazon, Vimeo. Always edit your ads, don't just copy.

eddie: This is all the information you need to put into your anti-detect browser (such as GoLogin or Incogniton) when you add a proxy . Leave "Change IP URL" blank. Then you click "Check proxy". If the information you added is correct, it should say "Success". Then you're ready to start the warm-up process, which is detailed in the Facebook bans education PDF.

eddie: After you add your payment instrument to a new ad account, you'll be asked to add your business information . All you have to do here is use a random business name, then google a random address in the USA and write it in. Simple.

eddie: Tips for Christmas • Hype up your sale on your store (banners, etc.) - Christmas special • Prepare 2-3 e-mails with offers for non-buyers and new offers for buyers (offer discounts) • Send 1-2 messages (offer discounts) • Prepare a retargeting campaign for your mid & lower funnel with Christmas offers

eddie: If you want to use the notorious TikTok female voice over your ads, you can simply generate it from https://weilbyte.github.io/tiktok-tts . Pick the English US - Female voice (or whatever else you prefer).

eddie: Facebook trusts old pages more. Start creating 2-3 pages (almost) every day & give them random names (like you would your stores), and then warm them up with page likes , each on a separate ad account (so that you also warm up ad accounts). Use however many ad accounts you have, no big deal. Do not publish more than 1 page likes campaign per 12 hours. Target worldwide at $1/day. Whenever you want to run ads for a new store, use the oldest page you have while you let the other ones keep baking. Note: You can change the name of the page and/or profile picture if you've had it for longer than ~ 10 days.  (edited)

eddie: Organize potential winning products efficiently! I've created a sheet where you can store clear information about the products you find, competitors, and more , which will help @everyone determine what's worth testing & what isn't. Fill it in with all products you might want to test. Make use of the blacklist and write products in there that you will definitely not test. As always, beautifully branded in Mavenport fashion. Click here & make a copy for yourself (as seen in the image): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1o6bYStQ9G2FD3GI9-vAkGxJsY-sYV9nIs6El4gLHiHY/edit?usp=sharing

eddie: How to appeal assets restrictions This is what works best now: Always pick option 3. Another reason, and write this text ( do not copy-paste it, type it yourself, word by word ): Hi, Facebook team! I hope you're doing well. I'm a small business owner who's been struggling since COVID19 hit and I have been unfortunately dismissed from my last job. I'm struggling and I'm doing everything in my power to build my brand on Facebook. I've been following all rules & community guidelines, so please reinstate my business account because I have a family of 5 to take care of. My well-being depends on this, so I'm asking you kindly to reactivate it. Thank you, Meta and Facebook. Note: Replace "business account" with whatever asset actually got restricted (page, profile, ad account, etc.).  (edited)

eddie: New audiences to test Narrowing massive audiences (500M-1B+) down with more precise interests (10M-200M) has been working really well for me. Let me give you an example: Say you're selling jewelry, Pick a massive interest such as Beauty and narrow it down with a smaller interest that has more affinity to your product, such as Sephora ; especially if the smaller interest is one that's already been working for you. Try multiple audiences created this way, and scale the ones that work into CBOs as explained in the scaling PDF.

eddie: Unless you decided to run ads to one specific country only (which I don't recommend), always charge customers in USD , no matter where you're from.

eddie: When stripe asks you for... what business entity you have, select company, and single-member LLC. the last 4 digits of your social security number & you don't have one because you're not a fat, stinky American, you can enter the last 4 digits of your EIN (but they don't actually check). If they ask for the full SSN later on, put your full EIN in. if you ship your own products , you say yes, within 2 weeks.  (edited)

eddie: If you're using the ⭐ BM from #💻︱facebook-assets .... It usually increases its DSL (daily spend limit) after about $100, but make sure your daily budget is slightly higher than $50. So here's the 4-ad set setup I suggest you start with ($60): 2x USA ad sets at $20/day 2x TOP4 ad sets at $10/day Note: Top4 = United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia. As soon as you see that at the end of a day you spend more than $50, your DSL went up. What should you do now? Immediately contact Facebook chat support and ask them to increase your DSL to $5,000. Note: Facebook chat support almost never increases DSLs from $50, but are very likely to increase them up from $250.  (edited)

eddie: See when a domain was registered You can use this date as an indicator for how new or old a website is , to aid in taking a conclusion on whether to sell a product or not. Just like the rest of the indicators, this is not conclusive , but it's a good piece of extra data that you should make use of. For example, if I see a website that has loads of copies of ads in the ads library, enough content on TikTok, seems to get sales (PPSPY), and on top of that, their website was registered 3 weeks ago, then you best believe I'll test that product. Just write their domain on here: https://www.whois.com/whois/

eddie: How to get & use a US LLC ❗ None of what you'll read here is legal advice, this is just what works well. Here's where you can create a US LLC : https://www.delawareinc.com if I remember well, it costs about $179 + some agent fee (who'll help you with documents) After you get a US LLC & your EIN (which could take a few weeks), you can create a USA Stripe . You'll use your LLC address as a business address (the one from Delaware inc), and your real one as a home address (Stripe will ask you for both). You can also create a PayPal account (but this is hit or miss). Use your LLC address (the one from Delaware inc). Most importantly , you can create a USA bank account via https://mercury.com . make sure you have a nice looking Shopify website to tell them that's your business. this will allow you to create cards left & right, and use them to pay for ads or anything business-related (FB trusts cards from Mercury a lot more than others)  (edited)

eddie: Use manual placements , turn off Audience network, and select these: (edited)

eddie: Do I turn off my initial ABO ad set if I scale that audience in a CBO? No! Never turn off profitable ad sets . Only kill it when it stops being profitable ( based on the PDF on when to turn ad sets off ).

eddie: List of eCommerce abbreviations Alright, you leaflets. Some of you still need to learn these terms, so here we go: General • B2B: business to business • B2C: business to consumer • D2C/DTC: direct to consumer • UGC: user-generated content • USP: unique selling point • ROI: return on investment • MRR: monthly recurring revenue • LTV: lifetime value • KPI: key performance indicator • CPA: cost per acquisition • CAC: customer acquisition cost • NCAC: new customer acquisition cost • CRO: conversion rate optimization • COGS: cost of goods sold (how much you pay to source & ship your products) • OOS: out of stock • AOV: average order value • CVR: conversion rate • P&L: profit & loss • 3PL: third-party logistics (company that handles your logistics, such as packing & shipping your products) • SKU: stock-keeping unit • CRM: customer relationship management • PO: purchase order • LP: landing page • TOS: terms of service • TOF: top of the funnel • MOF: middle of the funnel • BOF: bottom of the funnel Facebook ads • ABO: ad set budget optimization • CBO: campaign budget optimization • ASC: Advantage+ shopping campaign • PPE: page post engagement • CPM: cost per 1,000 impressions (an impression happens when your ad is displayed on someone's screen, whether they care to watch it or not; Facebook charges you per impression) • CTR: click-through rate • ATC: add to cart • IC: initiated checkout • PUR: purchase • CPC: cost per click • CPATC: cost per add to cart • CPIC: cost per initiated checkout • CPP/CPA/CAC: cost per purchase, cost per acquisition, customer acquisition cost (they're all the same metric) • ROAS: return on ad spend • BE-ROAS: break even return on ad spend (the return you get when you don't lose money but also don't make any profit) • CTA: call to action (telling customers to take action, such as a "Shop now" button) • DCT: dynamic creative testing • DPA: dynamic product ad • LLA/LAL: lookalike audience • VV: video views • CA: customer audience • SBAFL: stop being a fucking leaf  (edited)

eddie: Fast tips that may help your checkout to purchase ratio I've done a bit of testing (so you don't have to), and I've discovered 2 settings in the checkout and accounts section that seem to have increased my conversion rate . • letting people checkout using either their phone number or e-mail • getting rid of address autocompletion I've attached screenshots for both of these.

eddie: If you published your new ads and they've not been approved yet... Check again at 3-4 AM ad account time, if... At least ~60% of your ads are approved, then let it run . At least ~60% of your ads are not approved, turn all the affected ad sets off , and at the next midnight (ad account time), turn them back on .  (edited)

eddie: How to find out your ad account's daily spend limit (DSL) 1. Open the ad account you want to know the DSL of. 2. Right click on the screen & select "View page source". 3. Press CTRL+F on your keyboard & search for "adtrust_dsl". 4. Press Enter (to skip through the results) until you find the field that says "adtrust_dsl: xxxx" (where "xxx" is a number). That number will usually be your DSL, however, if it shows "-1", that means your DSL may be higher than the usual ($50 or $250). If that's the case, contact customer support to see what it is & give them your ad account ID. How do you find your ID? Go to business settings , then click on ad accounts . Select whichever ad account you want to check and copy the ID from under its name (it's written in blue, just click on it). (edited)

eddie: When to transfer your money from PayPal to your bank account When your available balance hits $20K , transfer $9.5K to your bank account. Do this continuously. We always want to show PayPal that you're not trying to cash out completely, and we're also not sending more than $10K out because that looks suspicious.

Unbekannt: If PayPal's holding a % of your revenue... Call them & say you've been using them for years without issues, you rarely get disputes, and when you do - you solve them, and let them know that you're currently running a sale and you really need this extra money to make sure that customers are going to get their orders in time. ❗ Important: Only call them when you have 0 disputes / open cases.

eddie: If your compare-price randomly disappears... Go to Settings -> Markets , and then click on Preferences for Other markets . Make sure that the option " Hide compare-at prices for European Economic Area (EEA) customers " is not ticked (screenshot below) .

eddie: How to track 90%+ of your sales with Facebook ads For me, Facebook tracks less than 50% of my sales, which makes it unnecessarily difficult to kill & scale the right ads. However, for a month now I've been using a tool that's been tracking literally over 90% of all my sales , and not only that, it also sends all the data back into my ads manager . ❌ No shitty extra dashboards ❌ No coding required ❌ No effort It takes 6-12 hours for the events to show up I'll share this tool with hustlers only . I'm serious. Don't share this service outside our private community . We don't want to overwhelm the team that runs it. We want to keep it for us for now. You'll also get 2 weeks for free & 5% off for the first month. @everyone , go sign up now while it's still humanly possible for the team to onboard new clients. You'd be dumb to not test this thing for 2 weeks at least. Get it here ➡️ https://www.wetracked.io/mavenport/  (edited)

eddie: Pick the right Shopify plan based on your revenue Tip: Pay just $1 for the best plan for the 1st month using this link: https://shopify.pxf.io/mavenport After that, here's how you should pick your plan based on your monthly revenue. If you do not use Shopify payments: Basic Shopify ($39/m) - if you sell less than $7K/m Shopify ($105/m) - if you sell less than $59K/m Advanced Shopify ($399/m) - if you sell less than $458K/m Shopify Plus ($2K/m) - if you sell more than $458K/m If you use Shopify payments: Basic Shopify ($39/m) - if you sell less than $23K/m Shopify ($105/m) - if you sell less than $148K/m Advanced Shopify ($399/m) - if you sell less than $641K/m Shopify Plus ($2K/m) - if you sell more than $641K/m These choice are made based on calculating the cheapest option available based on plan costs & transaction fees. If you use Shopify Payments and PayPal, you can use the second list of plan choices but switch quicker (based on the % of payments you process through PayPal).  (edited)

eddie: Amazing tip for market research & optimizing your store (for scaling) Go on Reconvert - https://www.stilyoapps.com/reconvert/v1/?scid=Kswx&ref=ST01-mavenport (8% discount), and set up Post-purchase surveys ! Ask every buyer questions that will clarify WHY they bought your product, such as: "What event did you buy our dress for?" "Where are you experiencing pain?" adjust based on what you sell Wait until you get 50-100 answers (the more, the better), and then create new ads angled to exactly what you learned . Optimize your copywriting on the product page as well. Easy way to have a sizable edge over your lazy competitors who never optimize, and never research. + This is extremely eye-opening for marketers, because you'll realize how to actually convince people to buy shit from you by literally extracting information straight from their brain.

eddie: To reduce your chance to get banned on important pages in the long run... Make a "safety" engagement campaign , and inside run: a reach ad set (maximizing daily unique reach) at about $1-3/day a post likes ad set (using a recent post from your FB page) at about $1-3/day a page likes ad set at $1-3/day ️ Use simple images for these, ideally not humans, simple captions (not even mentioning the word "you"). Tip: The more money you spend on ads for that page, the more you should spend on your safety campaign. For example, if you spend under $2K per day, you can get away with $1/day per ad set. You'll be running this continuously. No one tells you about this but let me bless you with the real-real: Facebook has a hidden quality score on your page, and it is influenced by multiple factors (ad rejections, people's reactions to your ads, etc.). By running this safety campaign, you basically lower the percentage of negative interactions your page reach is getting by making up for them with clean, cheap reach, so it makes you less likely to get randomly banned . Do this for all your long-term stores, to keep them long term.  (edited)

eddie: One of my Facebook pages got permanently banned recently for no reason Yep, I requested a review but they rejected it and perma-banned it. My feedback score was good, too. It was literally just a classic Facebook ban. If I were to make a new page, it'd get banned instantly due to circumventing . I got no time for fuckery like that, so I got in touch with my boy, @Solutions for involuntary incest , who's been helping me with shit like this for a while. He has a contact that was able to literally reactivate my page like flicking a switch. This dude can bring pages back from any type of ban, feedback score-related, or random perma-ban like mine. And not just pages, profiles, BMs, ad accounts, etc . If you ever get any valuable Facebook asset banned, you can ressurect it with @Solutions for involuntary incest 's help. Only message him if you're serious about this (and don't share this with anyone, it's just for us) . Estimated price: around $2K-3K depending on the asset. ❗ Please note that: this service is extremely exclusive, so I'm only sharing it with hustlers it's expensive, so don't contact Solutions unless you're sure you need your asset unbanned If you have questions about this, ask them in the #💬︱hustler-chat . (edited)

eddie: How to calculate your profit easier (no apps) 1. Go onto each product page (in the back-end, on Shopify), select all variants, and click "Bulk edit" . 2. Then click on "Columns" on the top right and tick "Cost per item" . 3. For each variant, write the average COGS (cost of goods sold) that you pay your agent (or wherever you source it from), including shipping. Do this for every product in your store. 4. Now go to Analytics , and click the sub-tab below it called "Reports" . Then select "Sales over time" from the list that shows up. Also select the date you want to check your gross profit for (top left). 5. Then click on "Columns" on the middle right, and tick "Cost" . Now you're able to see your total sales (revenue) & total cost for all items that were purchased within the selected time period, in the table generated by Shopify. ---- So let's say you want to calculate your profit for yesterday. You go and select the date as yesterday, then you put the following equation in Google (using your own data): Revenue - Cost - Ad spend = Your profit It takes me about 30 seconds to calculate this whenever I want to check my profit, and I don't need any apps for it.

eddie: UTMs & the ads manager say different ad sets got a purchase , which should I trust? Both . Why? Well, Facebook & UTMs are both hit and miss, so they won't always track every sale. However, in a case like this, what most likely happened is that... Both ad sets took part in earning you that purchase. One of them showed up on your customer's screen first , and your customer engaged with it in some way. And then the other one popped up second , and your customer finally purchased. That means both of these ad sets deserve credit for that purchase. Which one should you keep? Both , because - so far - it looks like they're both capable of convincing a customer. That's all we can conclude with the current, limited data that we have. We might turn one (or both of them) off in the next days if no more sales come through from them. (edited)

eddie: Clean way to look at important overall metric breakdowns for your Facebook ads On the left side of the screen, click on the 3 lines (All tools), and then select Ads reporting . Then, at the top, select the ad account/s you want to see the metrics of. If you have a big store with multiple hero products & ad accounts, select all of those. Now you can customize your columns (metrics) on the right to show important metrics, like ad spend, conversion value, ROAS, etc.. Up to you. ️ Then, on the same panel, click "breakdowns" and use the search bar to select the breakdowns you're interested in. Personally, I mostly look at country breakdowns here, but other important ones are age, gender, platform, impression device . I use this to find out the best demographics for my audience based on ad spend vs. revenue in Shopify analytics , and then focus in on those. For example, I create new ad sets targeting a combination of the most profitable countries , now that I know them clearly. Seeing your most profitable age range or gender also helps you determine what content creators match your target audience best (young or old, male or female). Seeing what platforms & impression devices are most profitable helps you determine what ad formats (aspect ratio) to use. There's a lot more you can do with these metrics if you get creative, but these are the most important moves. (edited)

eddie: Here's how to force Stripe to show up in your payment settings Add it through this link: https://admin.shopify.com/store/STORENAME/settings/payments/provider-recommendation?forceStripe=true Note: Replace " STORENAME " with your actual given store domain (the bit before .myshopify.com).  (edited)

eddie: Yellow errors on Facebook? Ignore . You might find it hard to believe, but Facebook doesn't actually know how their platform works, so whenever you see stupid yellow errors like the one in this image, or about your pixel not having conversions in the last 14 days, or your ads not being the ideal aspect ratio, (and more) simply ignore them . ---- : What if my ad set says Learning limited, Eddie? THEN what do I do? : What fucking color is it? : Yellow, why? : Then you ignore it , you absolute megadork leafturd!  (edited)

eddie: What payment processors should you use? 1. I suggest using PayPal , they're disgusting scammers, but - the truth is - you make more money with them than without them. If you don't have cashflow issues (because they will hold your funds), then use PayPal. 2. Use USA Stripe . If you're not from the USA, I suggest using an LLC to get USA Stripe, which gets less declined payments. If you're not ready for that, use your local Stripe. Note 1: If Stripe isn't showing up on your store, force it to come up with this link: https://admin.shopify.com/store/STORENAME/settings/payments/provider-recommendation?forceStripe=true (replace "STORENAME" with your actual given store domain) Note 2: Use Stripe until your Shopify store processed $50K-100K in sales and then... 3. Switch to USA Shopify Payments (which also requires an LLC, but you can use your local Shopify Payments if you're not ready for that). The reason why we want to process $50K-100K before switching to Shopify Payments is because if they see that we're fulfilling orders and we're good merchants, then they're significantly less likely to ban us or hold our funds. Trialed & tested by the realest.  (edited)

eddie: : "Oh, no! I ran out of interests ." No, you didn't. You can't . ❌ There are millions of interests, and your target market is part of a big chunk of those. How? Well, you might think that if you sell, let's say, a knee pain product , your interests should all be like... medicine, health & wellness, health care, healthy habits, etc. And you can start that way but you can also get creative. Ask yourself, who could have knee pain? Let me give you some examples : 1. Fat people , so you'll target stuff like McDonald's, Burger King, Television, Super Bowl, etc. 2. Older people , so you target Parents, old music bands, old movies, old actors (Al Pacino, Robert De Niro), etc. 3. Sporty people (from injuries), so you target Tennis, Football, Running, Jogging, etc. I could go on forever, and I do go on forever while I do this for my own ads. Tip 1: You should also start testing lookalikes. 3%s, and then 1%s, and then 5%s, and then 10%s. Tip 2: And then, you can test interests that died out a month ago. You see what I'm saying? Options are limitless . You just have to use your . And, of course, we take new winning audiences over the past 3-4 days, and scale them in CBOs. (edited)

eddie: Black Friday - Cyber Monday moves First of all, understand that dropshipping stores do not have the same massive potential on BFCM as real brands. Why? Because brands have a loyal customer base that come back to buy stuff, and you have some angry mamas who are leaving mean comments under your ads about your shipping times. ‍♀️ But there are still things you can do to increase your revenue during the BFCM bonanza : ️ 1. Change the banners on your stores to point out your Black Friday sale started. Even in the product description, you can mention that you're running low on stock due to the BFCM sale. ✉️ 2. Send an e-mail 1 week before Black Friday to your entire customer list, letting them know your BFCM XX% OFF sale just started, and display some of your items with pictures, a 1-line description, and action buttons (example: fix knee pain). 3. Test a new batch of 4-6 video ads now in prospecting (as taught in the PDF), tailored for BFCM (emphasize the sale you got on your website but call it a BFCM sale). Mimic some of your current winning ads and add a BFCM pop-up/banner in the video to show up pretty early in the ad, but use some new content too. The ad copy should mention the BFCM sale too. Note: Scale their ASC if it performs well. If it flops, move on. 4. Add those new BFCM ads into a new retargeting campaign also , of their own, targeting custom audiences formed in the last 180d & 360d (based on the max allowed). You only need one ad set in this campaign, targeting all your custom audiences, but excluding all buyers (pixel audience + exported buyers audience). 5. Create 1-2 more BFCM video ads offering an extra 15% & 20% off coupon for BFCM, same concept. Add them only to the retargeting campaign . Note: Scale this retargeting campaign if it performs well, if not reduce the budget and eventually kill it. ️ 6. Create 3-4 picture ads for BFCM . One of them emphasizes your current sale from the website, but calls it a BFCM sale , and the other pictures should offer an extra 15-20-25% off as a BFCM coupon .The ad copy should mention the BFCM coupons too. Add them only to the retargeting campaign . ✉️ 7. Send another e-mail the day before Black Friday (thanksgiving themed) to your entire list, reminding people of your sale, and again, display some of the products you've got on the website. Trick: Increase your product's compare price on the website to make your sale seem even bigger. This is optional. ✉️ 8. Send an e-mail on Black Friday only to people who haven't bought in the last 2 weeks or so, reminding people of your sale. Display your hero product/s, and explain that you're running out of stock. Send out a SMS too. ✉️ 9. Send an e-mail the day after Black Friday only to people who haven't bought in the last 2 weeks or so, offering an extra 15-20% off coupon tailored for BFCM (which expires in 24 hours). Send out a SMS too. ✉️ 10. Send another e-mail on Cyber Monday only to people who haven't bought in the last 2 weeks or so, offering an extra 30% off coupon tailored for BFCM (which expires in 24 hours). Send out a SMS too. ✉️ 11. Send an e-mail a week after BFCM only to non-buyers, reminding them of the 30% off coupon they have left, which expires in 5 hours. That's it! This should help you milk out all the revenue mamas have for you. ‍♀️ Enjoy Black Friday - Cyber Monday, @everyone ! (edited)

eddie: When to scale, schedule, & kill ads ‍♀️ Scale current ads: Between 6 AM & 1:30 PM (ad account time zone). Why? Because that's generally when people start waking up, but if you bump budgets up later than 1-2 PM, your money won't be spent correctly. Schedule new ad sets: Create & publish them at least 4 hours before midnight , but schedule them to run at midnight . Why? Because that gives you enough data during the day to see what worked, and also (generally) enough time for the ads to get approved. ✍️ Note: If you're a little late, or (at least 60% of your ads didn't get approved in time for midnight), pause all new ad sets, and unpause them 1 minute after the next midnight. ‍ ️ Kill bad ad sets: 25 minutes before midnight (ad account time zone). Why? Because that gives your ads enough time to get sales throughout the day, so you can see what worked & what didn't. (edited)

eddie: How many profiles should you have when you run Facebook ads? (updated, better than the safety PDF) I recommend having at least 2 aged USA (ideally, reinstated) profiles , besides your own (no matter where you're from). So a total of 3 minimum . Any profile that isn't your personal one (which you run using your own IP), needs to be run using a USA proxy . Buy proxies for cheap from here: https://proxy-seller.com/?partner=5JZIL63HNX1VF7 (discount code: XDWSTM_403473) This is the anti-detect browser I run my proxies on (you can use Incogniton for free but it might not be as safe): https://go.gologin.com/mavenport-HIJIGJJ What BMs should you add them under? Simple. Add ALL profiles you have under ALL BMs you own, as admins. No employees. It's safer that way. ❌ Do NOT add them all at once though, leave at least 24 hours between invites . ❌ Do NOT ever run ads with just 1 profile on the BM. Warm the profiles up just as I explained in the safety PDF.  (edited)

eddie: How to know if a sourcing agent is trustworthy Truthfully, you won't know for sure until you've worked with them for a long time, but there are a few things you could do when you start working with a new agent to - at least - increase your chances to see if they're legit : ask what they ship with to USA ✅ good agents generally ship with YunExpress - if this agent doesn't know about YunExpress, abandon ship check the price (buying + shipping) per unit to your main countries ✅ compare these prices to other agents' (always talk to multiple) to see if they're trying to rip you off (no need to negotiate yet, just later after you agree with their policies) ask for their policy lost/damaged products ✅ in such cases, a good agent would replace/refund those orders based on your request - so make sure they agree with this check what payment methods they accept ✅ good, professional agents have USA bank accounts so you can send free bank transfers have a video call with them, check their vibe, check their warehouse ✅ if you're not an idiot, you should pick up on red flags & snake behavior; see how happy they are with their work My agent checked all these boxes on day 1, and currently she's one of the most trustworthy people I know - especially that I now taught her a lot of important principles, best practices, right ways to treat clients. See, once you find a good agent, you can grow together and learn from each other. They'll be your best connection in China. Note: To learn how to find sourcing agents, check the sourcing products PDF here: https://discord.com/channels/986590128346660944/992699211801972816/993171418537799711  (edited)

eddie: Check for hidden admins in your BM & remove them A lot of you are getting hacked lately, so use this link to check if there are any hidden admins in your BM: https://business.facebook.com/latest/settings/business_users?business_id= Write your BM ID after = in the link above. ❌ https://business.facebook.com/latest/settings/business_users?business_id=Put If there are multiple people you want to remove, do NOT remove them all at once. Do 1 per day, for safety, or you could get banned.

eddie: Crop & optimization for new ads When you post new ads, you'll be taken through a few steps (Add media, Trim, Crop, Optimize). Here's what I suggest: ❌ Never trim from there. ❌ Never crop from there, leave all placements as Original . Turn off all optimizations besides Relevant comments .  (edited)